I want to create a new applet that will have similar structure as the given one. 
It will have  navigation at the bottom and main canvas above it, no question panel needed in this applet. 

main canvas will have 2 columns, left column is math column, right column is action column. 
math column - 65% width 
action column - rest. 

math column will mainly have 2 rows, problem row, and solution row. 
problem row - height auto, 
solution row - rest

solution row will be flex-start. 
It will have multiple sol-line. 

I will explain each things step by step. 

FLow:

Step 0:
heading - Equation of the reflected line
text - Let’s practice how to find the equation of the reflected line by 
substituting the reflection rule into the given line equation.
Click START to begin!
button : START

step 1: 
problem statement - Find the equation of image of line 3x − 2y = 1 when reflected across x−axis.
(keep it constant throughout the steps)
nav text (n) - "" //Empty initially

action column will have only text - 
"Let’s explore the details given in the question."

First bring the problem statement character by character, each character 30ms. 
When rendered completely , then after 0.3 sec, fade in right panel text . 
(Keep the right panel there blank initially. After the problem statement has completely rendered then only fade in the right panel text with opacity transition)

After the right panel text has appeared, we will trigger a series of animation to render all the sol-lines one by one. 

Each sol-line has 2 sections sitting side by side, 
info and data. 

1. 
Equation of given line: 3𝑥 − 2𝑦 =1
//first render the info, keep the 'data' hidden with 0 opacity initially. 
clone this "3x − 2y = 1" from the problem statement , and fly animate to sol-line-1 data section, then vanish the clone and appear the data with full opacity. (no opacity transition)
2. 
Line of reflection: x−axis
(similar like sol-line 1, clone and fly "x-axis" from question)
3. 
Rule for reflection across x−axis: ?
//First render the info and then bring the jumping question mark in the data section. 
(You can find this in the attached applet)


NOTE: Wait for 1 sec, after the render of one sol-line (complete, after animation) and the render start of next sol line. 

After sol-line 3 appeared, 
Enable the next button , nav text becomes - "Tap » to continue."
Clicking the next button will take the user to the next step.
step 2: 

bring the mcq in the right column removing the prev content. 
title - What is the rule for reflection across x−axis?
options - 
(x, y) → (−x, y)
(x, y) → (−x, −y)
(x, y) → (x, −y)
(x ,y) → (y, x)

ans - (x, y) → (x, −y)

nav text becomes - Tap the correct option.

mcq mechanism like attached applet , no feedback space needed for this mcq. 

When the user has answered correctly, clone the text from the correct option and fly to solve line three and replace the question mark to fill it there.
(Nav text becomes empty again. till the animation ends. )
Now bring another sol-card, 
but this will have so many things, 

title - "Coordinates of image:"
below it have 2 columns in the middle , 

left column data - 

x' = x //blue boxed
or //bare text
x = x' //yellow box

right column data - 

y' = -y //blue boxed
or //bare text
y = -y' //yellow box

Initially keep all 3 rows of both columns opacity 0. 
We will show these part by part. 

First the left column: 
Bring the first row blue box , inside make visible "x' =", keep rhs 'x' hidden yet. 

from sol-line 3 data section , rhs, clone 'x' and fly it to left column first row x's position on rhs. now remove the clone and make visible the 'x' on rhs with full opacity. 

Wait 0.3 sec. 

Now make visible the "or" with opacity transition. 
wait 0.3 sec again. 

Now bring the 3rd row yellow box, 
And clone "x'", "=" and "x" from blue box, and fly to yellow box respective position to make visible the content inside 3rd row yellow box 

Now all 3 rows of left column is visible, 

do the same thing to make visible the content of right column. 

When this animation is done , nav text becomes - 
"Tap » to begin substitution."
and enable the next button. 

Clicking the next button will take the user to the next step.

step 3: 
Erase the action column content, and bring this text - "Substitute the rule into the equation of given line"

now we need to bring 2 new sol-lines erasing all old ones, 

the new ones are - 
1. Rule for reflection: x = x'  |   y = -y'
2. Given line: 3x − 2y = 1

(Initially both of these are opacity 0)
But do not bring these lines directly , as soon as the next button is clicked, create clones of the following texts from existing sol-lines before changing the step. 

"x = x'" and "y = -y'" from the sol card yellow boxes, 
and "3x − 2y = 1" from sol line 1. 

When clones are created, now change the step, keeping the clones on the screen. 
(lets call it a forming phase)

Then animate the clones to respective places in new sol lines , 1 and 2 . (animate all clones together, not one by one)

when clones reaches their respective places, now remove the clones and make both sol lines visible. 

(Make sure the sol lines are color coded , x/x' colored orange, y/y' colored purple.)

Now bring another sol-card below 

title -  "Equation of the reflected line:"
content - 3([ornage-box]) - 2([purple-box]) = 1

Initially the content will be opacity 0, 
clone and fly this "3x − 2y = 1" from sol-line 2 , to make it visible. 

In the right column, show a numpad with the following keys, 
0-9, +, -, x', y', clear, submit. 
(for clear and submit use symbols). 
I have attached a sample numpad in the components folder. You can look at that and add the extra keys. 

Above the numpad , have this text "Substitute the rule into the 
equation of given line"
and above this text , have a feedback space. 
(show feedback only on wrong answer submission). 

Initially , keep the orange box active with a vertical white line blinking inside, so that user understands that now clicking a numpad key will enter into this box. 

Enter into the the box whatever user clicks, when user clicks numpad-submit button, validate the answer. 

If answer is correct , make the current active box green , and move to next box. 
If wrong, show wrong feedback in the right panel , make the box reddish and shake for 0.5 sec. (When user tries answering after wrong, make the box default and start fresh). 

correct answers - 
x' and -y'

wrong feedbacks - 
"Oops!
Look at the reflection rule and fill in the x−coordinate part of the image here."
and similar for y coordinate. 

nav text when numpad is active - "Tap using numpad to fill the highlighted box."
When both the boxes are answered correctly, enable the next button.and nav text becomes - "Tap » for last step."

clicking next will take user to next step. 

step 4: 
Remove all sol-lines swiftly by making their height 0 with css transition, so the sol card moves up smoothly. 

In the sol card, from both boxes, hide the background and border to make the text look like normal text. 

Clear the right panel , and bring an mcq , 
title - The simplified form of the given equation is:
options - 
3x + 2y = 1 
3x − 2y = 1
−3x + 2y = 1
3x − 2y = −1

Keep feedback space above the title, when answered correctly or wrongly , show feedback there. 

nav text - "Tap the correct option."
ans - 
3x + 2y = 1

wrong and correct feedbacks - "Oops! Try again." and 
"Well done!"

On correct answer, have a sol-answer row below the sol card, 
with this inside "3x + 2y = 1"

But initially keep this with opacity zero.

On the correct answer, clone the text inside the correct option, fly it in the respective position of the sol answer, remove the clone, and make the sol answer content visible.

When done , enable the next button, and nav text - Tap » for another challenge.

---
Build till here for now. 
Note , all x and y math variable used must be in font times new roman, italics. 

-----------------
I am adding a few images from the storyboard. Take a look at the images to get an understanding about the layout and elements. 

Modify the required files or create new files to achieve the above mentioned flow. 
All English words and sentences must be defined in the data.js file under "en" object , also translate to "id" to have the Indonesian version of the texts. 
Code
No need to test using browser, I will manually test by myself, just recheck the code to make sure everything is correctly done. 